README.md, before:

jquery-stickytabs
=================

Provides pushState (back and forward button support) to Bootstrap tabs


Usage
=====

Run this in document ready or some equivalent initializer on your page:

    $('.nav-tabs').stickyTabs();

Where `nav-tabs` is the default class for the bootstrap tabs feature.

Options
=======

The following options are available to pass to jquery-stickytabs on instantiation

**Example**

````javascript
$(function() {
	var options = { 
		selectorAttribute: "data-target",
		backToTop: true
	};
	$('.nav-tabs').stickyTabs( options );
});
````

|option|default|description|
|------|-------|-----------|
| selectorAttribute | false | Override the default `href` attribute used as selector when you need to activate multiple TabPanels at once with a single Tab using the `data-target` attribute. |
| backToTop |false | Prevent the page from jumping down to the tab content by setting the backToTop setting to true. |

NuGet package
=============

Tim Abell maintains a [nuget package of stickytabs](https://www.nuget.org/packages/jquery.stickytabs/) for easier installation in .NET projects. Report any packaging issues here: https://github.com/timabell/jquery-stickytabs/issues

Commit message:

Adding an option to use replaceState() method instead of pushState()

README.md, after:

jquery-stickytabs
=================

Provides pushState (back and forward button support) to Bootstrap tabs


Usage
=====

Run this in document ready or some equivalent initializer on your page:

    $('.nav-tabs').stickyTabs();

Where `nav-tabs` is the default class for the bootstrap tabs feature.

Options
=======

The following options are available to pass to jquery-stickytabs on instantiation

**Example**

````javascript
$(function() {
	var options = { 
		selectorAttribute: "data-target",
		backToTop: true
	};
	$('.nav-tabs').stickyTabs( options );
});
````

|option|default|description|
|------|-------|-----------|
| selectorAttribute | false | Override the default `href` attribute used as selector when you need to activate multiple TabPanels at once with a single Tab using the `data-target` attribute. |
| backToTop | false | Prevent the page from jumping down to the tab content by setting the backToTop setting to true. |
| replaceState | false | Uses `replaceState()` method instead of `pushState()` to replace the current history entry. Causes the back button to always navigate to the previous page. |

NuGet package
=============

Tim Abell maintains a [nuget package of stickytabs](https://www.nuget.org/packages/jquery.stickytabs/) for easier installation in .NET projects. Report any packaging issues here: https://github.com/timabell/jquery-stickytabs/issues
